#Game rules

= Introduction =

Hegemony is a game where player vie for territory control. A territory is any single castle that is completely walled off from the rest of the map (edges of the map count as walls). The players gain score for valuable resources contained within the territory. 

== Game Phases ==

The game begins with each player placing one of their castles and a knight adjacent to it. Once this process is completed, the main phase of the game will begin. The main phase continues until the players run out of cards in the deck. At the end of the main phase the score will be added up based on the resources each player controls. The winner of the game is the player who controls the most valuable resources.

== Main phase turn order ==

The turn order consists of the following actions:
  * gain resources for any mines that you control.
  * Pick up a card either from the deck or the bazaar, it is not possible to pick up the card which the player just sold.
  * Play one of the cards in hand or sell it back to the bazaar.

== Cards ==

There are three types of cards in the game:
  * *Wall*, this is the most basic card, it allows the player to place a wall anywhere on an open intersection of the board. Note that walls are shared by all players, and it is possible to help another player complete their territory by placing a wall.
  * *Expand*, this card allows the player to expand a completed territory, it is possible to expand into unclaimed area, or any opposing territory which contains less knights than the expanding territory.
  * *Knight*, this card provides defense from opposing players who may wish to expand into your territory. As long as your territory contains equal or greater number of knights than any adjacent territory the opposing player will not be able to expand into it.